Update external-controller readme (#15052)
microsoft/FluidFramework: azure/packages/external-controller/README.md

To launch the local Tinylicious service instance, run `npm run start:tinylicious` from your terminal window.

> When running the live Azure Fluid Relay Instance, we would require the tenant ID, tenant secret and service discovery endpoint URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a live Azure Fluid Relay instance, we need to provide the tenant ID, tenant secret and service discovery endpoint URL for our Azure Fluid Relay instance.
```

> We can make use of the `InsecureTokenProvider` or a custom token provider similar to `AzureFunctionTokenProvider` to run the live Azure Fluid Relay Instance.
> 
> If you have access to the keyvault the tenant details can be fetched by running [this tool](../../../tools/getkeys), after which you can get the env variable `fluid__test__driver__frs` which has the required tenant details. Later, we can run the `AzureClient` with the `InsecureTokenProvider` as follows:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use the `InsecureTokenProvider` or a custom token provider similar to `AzureFunctionTokenProvider` to authorize requests to the live Azure Fluid Relay Instance.

**Note for Fluid developers:** You can use [getkeys](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/main/tools/getkeys/README.md) to retrieve test tenant details. After running getkeys, the env variable `fluid__test__driver__frs` will contain the tenant details.

We can run the `AzureClient` with the `InsecureTokenProvider` with code like this:

```

```typescript
const connectionConfig: AzureConnectionConfig = useAzure
	? {
			type: "remote",
			tenantId: "YOUR-TENANT-ID-HERE",
			tokenProvider: new InsecureTokenProvider("YOUR-SECRET-HERE", user),
			endpoint: "ENTER-DISCOVERY-ENDPOINT-URL-HERE",
	  }
	: {
			type: "local",
			tokenProvider: new InsecureTokenProvider("fooBar", user),
			endpoint: "http://localhost:7070",
	  };
```

> We make use of `AzureFunctionTokenProvider` which takes in the Azure function URL and an object identifying the current user, thereby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the `AzureFunctionTokenProvider` which takes in the Azure function URL and an object identifying the current user, thereby
```
